Unknown Speaker  0:03  
Okay, hello, how are you today? I'm doing good. How are you? I'm well, thanks for asking. Well thank you for participating in this activity, and I greatly appreciate your time. Before we begin, I want to ensure that we are not evaluating in any way. Rather, this activity is to learn from you as an adult with interest, potential interest in horticulture who might seek advice or information in regards to start gardening at home. With the information gathered, I hope to better understand other potential hobbies and or consumers to create a better user experience with the goal of designing a product with you in mind. There are no right or wrong answers to any of the questions that will be asked during this study. We're simply interested in understanding how you do things online. We will conduct the study mostly as a discussion, I will ask you to show me how you do things usually are using this using your computer and occasionally, inquiring about your thought process to gain a better understanding of what you're doing. Here's a quick breakdown of the session. A few questions about first a few questions about how you generally look for information and purchase products online. As you a general consumer and hobbyist might approach online search second, some tests during which it would be great if you could talk aloud and say what you're thinking things like you let things you like or dislike or just anything that comes to mind. So I will record a video of you to capture your facial expression and words while you conduct the test on your computer. The video and audio will be only used internally and will never be shared with anyone. So how does that sound? 

Unknown Speaker 
That's good. 

Unknown Speaker 
Okay. Do you have any questions? 

Unknown Speaker 
No. 

Unknown Speaker
Okay. Well, please know that you can choose to end this activity at any time. And additionally, you can ask questions of me at any time during the activity. So let's start with the background questions. Could you tell me your name and occupation? 

Unknown Speaker
Yang Hu- statistician 

Unknown Speaker
And how would you rate your knowledge of plant care? 

Unknown Speaker
I would say amateur amateur. 

Unknown Speaker
Okay. Do you currently own any plants? Currently? 

Unknown Speaker
Yes, one. 

Unknown Speaker
Okay. And if so, how long have you been taking care of that one plant? 

Unknown Speaker
Oh, bout a month? What? Yeah. 

Unknown Speaker
Have you ever considered gardening at home? 

Unknown Speaker
I have done so in the past. 

Unknown Speaker
Okay. If so, well, in the past? How much? Have you researched the topic prior to?

Unknown Speaker  3:12  
I did not. It was a lot of just kind of trial and error and just kind of see what grows.

Unknown Speaker  3:18  
Okay. Have you ever considered some of the benefits that come with growing your own vegetables at home?

Unknown Speaker  3:23  
I did. I I've had grown my own cauliflower. And I had that for dinner.

Unknown Speaker  3:33  
He had it for dinner. Yeah. And how would you say you've benefited from that?

Unknown Speaker  3:39  
I think just just that sense of having been able to grow grow my dinner, you know, particularly because I'd never done that before. So I think that aspect of it, I just kind of found that I really enjoyed that aspect of it.

Unknown Speaker  3:53  
Is it? Like? Perhaps not, I mean, is that like a find that from a financial standpoint or like a nutrition standpoint or self sustaining lifestyle standpoint? Like, you know,

Unknown Speaker  4:07  
I think it's it's definitely not it's not necessarily about the financial standpoint, I think it's the idea that, um, I think I think there's, there's a certain sense of putting in the work and being able to grow your own food and, you know, having that on your dinner table and just that sense of accomplishment that I really, really enjoy. Sounds good.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai

Unknown Speaker  0:05  
So now we come. Come on to contextual inquiry. How do you normally, with the method of navigation, how do you normally find information about a new hobby that you want to start?

Unknown Speaker  0:21  
Usually, I would ghost just kind of Google and just kind of start from there.

Unknown Speaker  0:25  
So your primary mode would be online? 

Unknown Speaker  
Yeah, yeah. 

Unknown Speaker  
How about printed materials? Like books or magazines? 

Unknown Speaker 0:36
No, not not? Um, I might do. Yeah, I might do Google first. And then maybe YouTube for kind of kind of show and tell.

Unknown Speaker  0:44  
Okay. So what information would you search about? If you're interested in starting a new hobby?

Unknown Speaker  0:55  
I would just kind of slowly if I were to, for example, if I would, if I would want to know more about more about kind of gardening, I might just kind of Google kind of, like, you know, how do I start a garden in my backyard? What do I need?

Unknown Speaker  1:09  
Okay, so like materials needed potential glass, or non tangible requirements, like time or physical needs requirements?

Unknown Speaker  1:19  
Um, you know, I don't, I don't think I would have been for a purpose. Something might be like, my, my, you know, what would be a good plant to grow in Baltimore? In the summertime?

Unknown Speaker  1:30  
Okay, so plant, power plant and seasons. Okay. Yeah. Like,

Unknown Speaker  1:36  
when should I? When should I start put? When should I start planting? putting down? Which one? Should I start planting? cauliflower seeds.

Unknown Speaker  1:45  
Okay. So like the temporal context of it. 

Unknown Speaker  
Okay. Yeah, yeah. As an example, things like that. 

Unknown Speaker  
So, if you were to navigate a site looking for specific information, how would you go about finding it?

Unknown Speaker  2:03  
Just kind of just kind of use Google and just kind of, and then a little bit of trial and error, I guess?

Unknown Speaker  2:08  
Well, if you land on the page, how would you search for specific information within that page is what I meant to say? Like he's come across it?

Unknown Speaker  2:18  
Yeah. So so because usually, you know, you've typed a question directly into Google. Right? And so and so the answer, you kind of sort of know what the answer is based on the short snippet that it returns on the link. So so you know, if I also I suppose if I do something like, you know,

Unknown Speaker  2:45  
so so for something like this, you know, the answer is right here. So that's how I kind of start looking at. And if I know more than I click on this, and I kind of say, you know, then that can read more, but at least that gives me gives me kind of the first player the first card immediate answer, and then there's more to, then you can inevitably need to know more about kind of everything else around them. That's how I learned.

Unknown Speaker  3:14  
So when you do enter the site, do you start from the top of the page? Or do you go fishing for that snippet that had logged in, but that had cut the most immediate view in that direction?

Unknown Speaker  3:31  
Yeah, probably start from that first and then and read everything else around it? If If you know if it makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  3:37  
So you would go looking for fishing for that snippet? 

Unknown Speaker  
Yeah, yeah. 

Unknown Speaker  
Pro presents? And how would you do that?

Unknown Speaker  3:45  
I'm here, in this case, Google, took me directly there. Oh, so if you look at the if you look at like, the Google is just Google more or less just kind of toss toss me right in the middle of the page? Got it?

Unknown Speaker  4:02  
And how often would you find yourself searching for information through this preferred method?

Unknown Speaker  4:12  
You know, at this point, probably most, if not all the time. 

Unknown Speaker  
Okay. And how successful is this method for you? 

Unknown Speaker  
For me, it's been pretty successful. I've been able to kind of find, you know, dig up, dig up, you know, pretty much everything I need to know. 

Unknown Speaker  4:35
Okay. And, well, based on a particular site, how long do you continue to use this method? Like, once you're familiar with this out? How long do you continue to use this method?

Unknown Speaker  4:49  
Hold on. Um, it's a good question. I would say, like, for this example, if I would say if I were to get if I were to become more are increasingly more conversant in, in gardening and stuff like that I, I can see myself knowing what, what's kind of the go-to sites. And I just go straight there. 

Unknown Speaker 
Okay 

Unknown Speaker 
in the past, but that's kind of kind of what I, I will see. Kind of like when I do kind of kind of do background research, at least you know that based on how I do it to do research in the past. That's kind of how I do, that's how I will do it. 

Unknown Speaker  5:32  
Well, on that note, well, what are the things you consider when deciding to return to a site for more information, like the ones you mentioned, the ones that you always find yourself returning back to?

Unknown Speaker  5:43  
In my in my professional setting? You know, I would I would type in questions like, you know, what, what is, you know, what, what, what is the? What, it might be something along the lines of what is the unemployment rate in Arizona, and inevitably, it takes me to certain, you know, to bear labor statistics, and after a while, you simply just bypass and just go straight to bureau of labor statistics or, or on Federal Reserve St. Louis.

Unknown Speaker  6:10  
Okay. But why is it that it? Are there certain features of the site itself that has you returning to?

Unknown Speaker  6:19  
There are a whole bunch of reasons. One of the reasons is that, typically in that in depth in that particular instance, typically, that site is the site that's referenced by everybody else. 

Unknown Speaker
Okay. 

Unknown Speaker
So that's one indication that, you know, you just simply goes to the source.

Unknown Speaker  6:39  
In other words, you trust that site, more so than other sources? 

Unknown Speaker  6:43  
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And that trust factor, in some ways, is kind of how Google rank links is that if everybody else says this is the link to go to you just go to that link?

Unknown Speaker  6:55  
Okay. So is it Google or through your friends that you, um, it's through in that trust, I

Unknown Speaker  7:04  
guess.

Unknown Speaker  7:07  
I suppose in that case, I mean, in that case, Google does play a role, because it does. It references the site, that references of Federal Reserve, St. Louis, in that for that particular for that particular example.

Unknown Speaker  7:28  
Okay. Now, on to the next part, I'm going to ask you to come up with a website, or tool online that you refer to when looking for more information on how to start a particular task or project. So when you're doing these tasks, please think aloud. Sure. So I guess now would be the time to

Unknown Speaker  7:57  
find that.

Unknown Speaker  8:00  
So my choice. So in the past, when I you know, one of my hobbies I like to paint. And so when I have a specific question, so for example, how do I improve on skin tone when I paint, when I paint a person, I want to improve skin skin tone, the first tool I went to was YouTube. Because there are a lot of there are a lot of film instructionals on how to get how to make on how to do something like that. And it's easy to follow because it's on it's captured on film, and you kind of see exactly what they're doing.

Unknown Speaker  8:49  
Okay, so let's fire up YouTube then. Since that is your preferred method of look looking on, for how tos.

Unknown Speaker  9:09  
So looking at your selected option, where do you normally begin to look once the page is loaded?

Unknown Speaker  9:20  
Usually, probably just the first one, but first one, what, like, just kind of like, just click on the top link and just kind of see, but what would happen is I'll click on a couple to kind of see how different like you know, in the in the past a couple, you know, click on a couple of the top ones or something that kind of captures my attention, um, to see see what, you know what, who kind of explains it the best

Unknown Speaker  9:45  
and what normally captures your attention when deciding to select certain videos.

Unknown Speaker  9:54  
Kind of independent of how to how to videos.

Unknown Speaker  9:58  
Well, you had mentioned that Something that catches your eyes. So the first one, then something that is it the image or is it the text? Like what is it that captures that? In this case, you're choosing something besides the first one.

Unknown Speaker  10:17  
I think in this case, there's a word tutorial, because that's kind of what I'm looking for.

Unknown Speaker  10:31  
And how often do you pay it? Like if you go back to the main page? I think there's a main page, right? 

Unknown Speaker
Yeah. 

Unknown Speaker
And how often do you pay attention to? 

Unknown Speaker
I guess, in this case, there's a menu to the left side? Yeah. So how often do you pay attention to the menu to the left of the page?

Unknown Speaker  10:57  
I'm not all that often. I kind of like, also, what happens is that I kind of subscribe to stuff that I like already. And so I simply see what's here. And what what what YouTube recommends?

Unknown Speaker  11:13  
Say you rely on subscriptions and recommendations. Yeah, yeah. Because you trust YouTube to create that playlist for you. And in a sense,

Unknown Speaker  11:29  
yeah, the recommend and part of this because I kind of selected I kind of selected a lot my own playlists. Got it?

Unknown Speaker  11:42  
Well, let's just focus on the menu option for a second, even if you don't use it all that off often, but if you like if you had to think across all platforms similar to this, do you prefer a menu option that you select would take you to a page encompassing the information that you're looking for? Or if not, would you prefer it to drop down to something more specific? before? I guess, getting to a more?

Unknown Speaker  12:22  
So so whether or not I go straight into my subscription? Yes, so I guess, like my title, my title page, just specifically subscription? Not like, like, maybe maybe this is this being my, this being my title page.

Unknown Speaker  12:45  
Right. So would you prefer that? Right, so I guess it does in YouTube's case that has that option between selecting something that's already encompassing all of them, correct? Mm hmm. Or something that drops down to something specific? For which would you prefer in general?

Unknown Speaker  13:05  
I'm okay. With I'm okay. with, you know, having a little bit. A little bit more general, not nothing specific. Because I don't know what, when I go to YouTube, you know, a lot of times they don't have any things specific in mind. So there is the Okay, show me, give me some recommendation, maybe I'll find it, I might find something interesting.

Unknown Speaker  13:26  
Okay. But when it comes to I guess, like, if you're looking to start a project or a specific task, that wouldn't be the case. Right? for that. In that case, I would probably but like, if you were to approach a website, a new website altogether, aside from I guess, YouTube, would you prefer something more general or something that drops down to a more specific options? I think,

Unknown Speaker  13:59  
I think if, if the if my starting point is I'm looking for something very, very specific, I want kind of that drop down menu, I guess. Okay. So I suppose one possibility is, if you to maybe if YouTube have some sort of, you know, like, maybe there's some sort of a automatic setting where, if I type in how to paint skin tone, um, it automatically takes me to kind of this menu options, like, okay, here's, you know, like some sort of Instructables type type setting, and here's kind of this, you know, so it's all well organized, I can kind of scroll down to it. Okay. Although I don't know how they're I don't know how you to be able to do that, that that will probably require a fair amount of kind of ai, ai recognition to do something along that line, right, because I think everything is presented to you in a visual way already. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's got it. 

Unknown speaker
If the information you're looking for is not found on the landing page, how often do you turn to the search query?

Unknown Speaker  15:11  
Oh, pretty often? Um, yeah, yeah, I'll kind of refine it to try to try to try to see if I can get something that I'm looking for.

Unknown Speaker  15:24  
Okay, and can I see you search for something? In particular task related or project related? Yeah, um, like, if you were to use gardening as an example. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  16:09  
So in this case, when I tried to grow sunflowers, sometimes it gets too top heavy, and they don't they they topple over. So so maybe our policies, how people, you know, a has had people kind of run out face similar issues? And how did they kind of? How did they, you know, try to do something about that.

Unknown Speaker  16:32  
Do you find that the search results kind of address what you're looking for? Um,

Unknown Speaker  16:45  
I think this may require a little bit longer, kind of a little bit more refined searches, because of the sunflower, that I got the sunflower seeds I got, they're supposed to grow up to 12 feet tall, and most, most sunflowers don't go that that high, that high up. So for example, this may be it, but I have to kind of take a look at it to know whether that's exactly kind of what I'm looking for.

Unknown Speaker  17:10  
Okay. And if it's not, how many videos would you click through before deciding the next step?

Unknown Speaker  17:20  
I might, I might, you know, I might do two or three. And if it doesn't, I might kind of go to Google.

Unknown Speaker  17:27  
Okay. Well, you mentioned that you would refine your search. Yeah. Is that through Google? Or through YouTube?

Unknown Speaker  17:35  
So So here, I might do something like, Okay, if I didn't see it is, you know, how call.

Unknown Speaker  17:53  
So why did you make this particular change? Or this refinement?

Unknown Speaker  17:59  
Because I didn't. So I didn't quite, it didn't, it didn't quite look like what I, I was able to get what I was looking for the first time around. So there's a lot of there's just kind of a little bit of trial and error. So, so here, here's here's something that I might kind of might be close to kind of what I'm looking for. Okay. I guess he had one already. And so with each refinement inquiry, you expect I would say, getting closer to your target. Yeah, I mean, it's possible I get farther away from it, but this is there's a fair amount of trial and error.

Unknown Speaker  18:44  
Okay. How often do you find yourself backtracking to a page of visited?

Unknown Speaker  18:50  
Um, I would say it does happen. Um, you know, I don't know exactly. The exact frequencies but it it's not, it's not. It's, it's not very, very often, but it's also not like, completely unheard of. Okay, so would you say seldomly? Yeah, seldomly, but it's not like on her Yeah, seldom is fine. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  19:19  
Do you find it helpful to have that information presented on the page as your current one?

Unknown Speaker  19:26  
I could pay like a pirate like, like the prior search results, sorry. Like, like this? No, because, you know, I kind of know I can kind of go back to quit, like I, I can kind of kind of sort of know what I how I searched in the past and I can kind of get back there. Is that through your browser. I'm now just kind of here just kind of like just go back and type in, you know, sunflowers. Because it's based on information that's already saved from your prior search. Um, well, so. Yeah, like, yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  20:14  
So relying on past searches that has been saved. Okay, yeah. So now we're gonna go into the category of problems. Have you ever had problems when looking for specific information? Regarding the task or project at hand? Um, for yourself? How often would the information presented come off? Maybe too vague or general?

Unknown Speaker  20:45  
Um, if it's if it's relating to hobbies? Um, in general, if it's, if it's something I've just started, it's not because, you know, I'm not asking something that's very, very specific. So usually, you know, if it's something that I'm just kind of getting into the questions, I have, to kind of question that everybody else has. So at least at that level, no, no, you know, professionally, I'll have very specific questions that I that that I cannot I cannot always find data for.

Unknown Speaker  21:19  
So what are some of the problems that arise? When if you were to, I guess, maybe it wouldn't have to be something you start, but maybe during the course, of something you're familiar with.

Unknown Speaker  21:34  
So So let's see. So So as an example, I was trying to you know, as as my own curiosity, I was trying to find an enrollment data for UCLA, going back to, um, to going back to its inception, because I wanted to see if UCLA enrollment had kept track had grown in, in line with population of the United States. And I kind of poked around and my friend was able to tell me what the link is for that. And I was trying to find data for other schools like Ivy League, and I don't think Ivy League schools publishes that kind of data, at least not to, you know, not not with three minutes of googling. Okay. And you only discovered that when the information wasn't readily available, like the other schools.

Unknown Speaker  22:33  
Yeah, yeah. Okay. And it may be there just that I just don't know where to look at.

Unknown Speaker  22:46  
And how much time would you ideally like to spend on tasks like these? Ideally, in less than a minute? Okay. Fair enough?

Unknown Speaker  22:58  
Or how do you figure out which of the alternate actually has the information that you're looking for?

Unknown Speaker  23:07  
Which of the alternatives in like searching through Google or searching through other ways? Yes,

Unknown Speaker  23:11  
there's searching through YouTube, I guess, is the example that we're using now.

Unknown Speaker  23:15  
Um, so in this case, so so that case, so in the cultural Roman example, it was, it would be more natural for me to search Google because I want to have something that I can, in theory, copy and paste onto an Excel sheet. So I can do some sort of a chart.

Unknown Speaker  23:32  
Okay. But if we're talking about tasks task or projects at hand, right, right, cuz that one's for harvesting data sounds like,

Unknown Speaker  23:42  
yeah, yeah. So So now Now, if I, for example, if I want to, actually, here's an example, I click on, you know, I know, you know, I was watching videos on specific machine learning techniques. Um, that, that I will do for you too, because that, that, that's, that's a much easier way for them to see, to explain how they do go about doing it. And why is that kind of sometimes sometimes some kind of that, that kind of that graphical, that kind of that graphical kind of illustration, kind of explains things better sometimes, sometimes it's easier for me, I, you know, sometimes faster to read. But in that case, it really does help having kind of that, that graphic animation kind of, you know, as a, as a as a form of exposition.

Unknown Speaker  24:33  
And would you say the information that you read or view online is reliable and updated to your satisfaction?

Unknown Speaker  24:42  
Yeah, I would say particularly, particularly things that are kind of technical of you. And that's kind of, you know, my understandings of with prior research, that very technical things are usually fairly reliable. on Wikipedia and YouTube, because there's no reason for people to fake that. And why is that? Um, or why would? Yeah. Why is that? I think I think, um, I think, I think things like, for example, things like things like, economy, specific econometric estimation processes. These aren't popularly known concepts to begin with. And so it's very hard to try to memorize anything along that line. And so, and so,

Unknown Speaker  25:48  
to bring it back to the sunflower topic. Oh, you mentioned, is that still relevant with YouTube and Wikipedia? Is that

Unknown Speaker  25:59  
in this case, you know, I with with it with the caveat that I don't know this as well, my, my expectation is, yes, because I'm, like, there are people people aren't, you know, until, until, for whatever reason, sunflowers is just happened to be on everybody's radar, right, you know, the people, people kind of kind of posting these gardening tools, I think they're, they're in general, probably pretty reliable. At least at least, reliable as in that this is kind of how they went about doing it and not, you know, and faking actual fake faking, faking, you know, growing sunflowers, is it

Unknown Speaker  26:45  
because the information is just readily available in in those realms for you to, for them to be deemed trustworthy? Um, I think it's using those particular mediums are more reliable than others, I guess, is where I'm trying to get it.

Unknown Speaker  27:05  
I don't think I think in this case, it's not it's less about the medium as it is about the subject. Is that okay? The more the less, the more the less, the less sexy it is, I guess, that that, um, that the less likely that people are trying to kind of do something, something outrageous with it. Got it.

Unknown Speaker  27:36  
Okay, and now we're on to other questions. Can you talk about a recent experience finding on how you would start a task

Unknown Speaker  27:48  
hi would start How would physically start a task

Unknown Speaker  27:52  
using the online tools, a recent experience you had?

Unknown Speaker  27:57  
So it was I suppose the recent, one of the recent, you know, is trying to kind of take what I learned from YouTube and apply on how I paint skin tones, right, on a painting. So so you know, what I did was, I took though, I think this is where you could go, you can go down, you can go all the way down to the rabbit hole, oh, they'll grab the whole and see how people mix and match and really, really get very detailed. But what I did is I watched the video for about 1012 minutes and just kind of the basics on Okay, here are the basic colors. And this is how you match. And this is how you kind of get the skin tones. And I took you know, so it's about 1015 minutes worth of stuff, and I kind of use that and I applied it on my painting.

Unknown Speaker  28:43  
Okay, so this kind of media like images and video definitely aided in the past that you were looking to achieve. Yes, yes. Okay. And how often do you refer to this method? And do you find them useful? Usually?

Unknown Speaker  28:58  
I don't use it that that often. I think what are some of the other things I might? Yeah, yeah, like there are there a couple other types of like fitness related kind of videos relating to skating and stuff like that in the past. But that was usually using more for reference, rather than you know, as as for me to go out and do exactly the same but I'm doing something like this has happened in the past, but I you know, personally, this is not something I do like very, very, very often.

Unknown Speaker  29:35  
Could you elaborate using those skating videos as references as opposed to just kind of relating exactly move

Unknown Speaker  29:46  
just kind of see how people use kind of they describe their workout routines and how they skate. And, you know, like certain certain fundamental techniques and stuff like that, um, how they push off the ice. And I'll try to kind of incorporate a little bit that but I also know like I, you know, everybody moves a little bit differently. And so this is where, okay, ideally, this is how I do. But, you know, we all, you know, I skate a little bit differently.

Unknown Speaker  30:15  
So I guess with that in mind, you are aware of your personal limitations. But I guess for those demonstrations, do you find them usually useful?

Unknown Speaker  30:27  
I think they're useful, as you know, you know, in the sense of this is how other people go about doing it and as a reference

Unknown Speaker 
and how often do you find them useful? And in the way that you actually apply them? 

Unknown Speaker 
Every once in a while, but, but I don't I don't, I don't I personally don't specifically, use, you know, really, really look to it. Because I think my approach as hobby is that, you know, I do it for fun, and I don't, I don't really want to really, really spend that much time trying to try to perfect it.

Unknown Speaker  31:07  
So it's time aspect. Yeah, well, are you more inclined to check out the text, or the media that's displayed on the page first,

Unknown Speaker  31:17  
in this case, in this case, you know, in ice skating for ice hockey and skating case, it makes a lot more sense to just look at the video because it's much easier to show than to describe. 

Unknown Speaker
And why is that? 

Unknown Speaker
Because you can see exactly how they demonstrate using kind of their bodies. And so you can see, okay, this is exactly and try to transcribe that into a set of sentences. It's, it's much easier for it would require it will require much more precise language for you to know exactly what they're doing. 

Unknown Speaker
You mean brevity? Yeah. Yeah. Because? Because, because there's a lot of like, Okay, what are they exactly saying, but if you see exactly what they're doing, there's not there's not um, there, there's no misinterpretation.

Unknown Speaker  32:05  
Okay. And what type of audience do you think are inclined to use this method, the site to look up information on how to you know, my, my kind of my competition passes? 

Unknown Speaker
I think a lot of people do do this, I know that how many people who do home improvement, they look a lot of them look at, they would use YouTube as to kind of get a feel for Okay, this is how you fix the door. This is how you up, you know, this is how you upholster something, things like that. And I think I think that is useful because that show and tell aspect of the video does make explaining these things a lot easier.

Unknown Speaker  32:43  
So aside from homeowners, what kind of general audience Do you think that YouTube captures?

Unknown Speaker  32:52  
Beyond kind of the hobby, you know, beyond this hobby round, or just kind of in this whole all of YouTube aspect? Well, I guess, hobby or projects in general, okay. projects in general. Like what kind of audience it catches and I think, I think kind of I feel like allowed this kind of like Do It Yourself projects, YouTube, this YouTube environment naturally is naturally good for because of that show and tell aspect of it.

Unknown Speaker  33:24  
So do it yourselfers. Yeah. Of all age, like what age range? Are we?

Unknown Speaker  33:32  
You think we're, if I have to guess because it because internet probably seems a little bit younger. But I think that's you know, with every year that becomes less and less of a case. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  33:45  
So, in closing, what are the characteristics that your ideal how to guide website might have might include? Or what features specifically?

Unknown Speaker  34:04  
I think so. So I think a typical kind of I think in the past I might have was it was the what's the website you see was like a life hack or Instructables where they will they will include videos and subtext. So so they try to kind of they they try try to incorporate the benefits kind of the use the kind of the benefits both media. 

Unknown Speaker
And I can see, I can see something along that line. So more useful. You mean text balanced with images? 

Unknown Speaker
Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker
Were there videos?

Unknown Speaker
I believe some of them do have that as kind of as part of the part of the posts. 

Unknown Speaker
And I'm sorry, why? 

Unknown Speaker
Because sometimes it's just easier to show them to kind of write up to write up. So they might say, Hey, this is how you, you know, here, here's a video about this origami for for such and such for for, you know how you to make such a thing. And so the text itself gives you a better clarity of what's in the video, but you still need the video to do the show show part. 

Unknown Speaker
Do you believe that videos are necessary for most subjects? 

Unknown Speaker
Okay, I think so. Because Because that visual explanation. You know, that's why the most effective way of kind of getting through what you're trying to do.

Unknown Speaker  35:33  
Okay, sounds good. I know I have been talking quite a lot. Do you have any questions for me? 

Unknown Speaker
No. 

Unknown Speaker
Okay. Well, I thank you for your time. And this concludes our session. 

Unknown Speaker
Like Cool, thanks.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai

